README.md, before:

# water-usage-main

eartly made. provides the user with resources to become a more sustainable fashion consumer. The user is able to use the map function to locate resale shops and other businesses that support sustainable fashion. earthly made. features articles about relevant topics in the world of sustainable fashion. earthly made. also highlights brands that are commited to the mission to approach garment production in an ethical and transparent way that considers both the people and the planet.

## Approach

[insert approach to how we thought of the concept and how we wanted to implement our concept]


## Technologies Used

JavaScript
React
React Bootstraps
React Router

## ERD

![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/19H8F7E.png)

## MVP

* A working webpage built using React
* Be deployed online and accessible to the public via Netlify
* At least three react components, defined in their own files, besides App.js.
* A README.md file with explanations of the technologies used, the approach taken, unsolved problems, user stories, and notes to yourself so you can come back to your project later in the course and be able to pick up your train of thought, etc

## User Stories

As a user, I want to be able to learn about sustainable fashion, being able to locate places that sell sustainable fashion, brands that are dedicated to producing sustainable fashion, and articles pertaining to sustainable fashion.

## Stretch Goals

* Proper Styling
* Mapbox API
* Filtering Brands


## Post-Reflection



## Future Features

* Make Website Mobile Responsive
* Add user login model
* Allow the user to store/save articles  
* Allow the user 

## Credits

Mapbox API used for map loadd and geocoding.

Commit message:

updates readMe with postreflection and approach

README.md, after:

# water-usage-main

eartly made. provides the user with resources to become a more sustainable fashion consumer. The user is able to use the map function to locate resale shops and other businesses that support sustainable fashion. earthly made. features articles about relevant topics in the world of sustainable fashion. earthly made. also highlights brands that are commited to the mission to approach garment production in an ethical and transparent way that considers both the people and the planet.

## Approach

With the prompt of 'environmental sustainability', our minds were led towards sustainable fashion. We set out to create a project that centered around finding thrift stores and informing the user with articles that focused on information about sustainable fashion. Furthermore, we wanted to have a page of brands that would allow the user to see what clothing companies they should focus on. With these things in mind, we settled on the Mapbox API to implement a thrift store search functionality. Furthermore, the UX team was able to give us multiple mock-ups for us to build our site upon.

## Technologies Used

JavaScript
React
React Bootstraps
React Router
MapBox API
BootStrap CSS

## ERD

![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/19H8F7E.png)

## MVP

* A working webpage built using React
* Be deployed online and accessible to the public via Netlify
* At least three react components, defined in their own files, besides App.js.
* A README.md file with explanations of the technologies used, the approach taken, unsolved problems, user stories, and notes to yourself so you can come back to your project later in the course and be able to pick up your train of thought, etc

## User Stories

As a user, I want to be able to learn about sustainable fashion, being able to locate places that sell sustainable fashion, brands that are dedicated to producing sustainable fashion, and articles pertaining to sustainable fashion.

## Stretch Goals

* Proper Styling
* Mapbox API
* Filtering Brands


## Post-Reflection

Our team is proud of the content we were able to fit in within the 6-day time limit we were given within the hackathon event. We had hardships in certain areas such as creating the mapbox interface and the carousel for the articles page, but overall we were happy with our product. Going into the future, we would like to fully implement the carousel functionality for the articles page as well as implementing a backend database to store articles and map information for updating purposes and API optimization.


## Future Features

* Make Website Mobile Responsive
* Add user login model
* Allow the user to store/save articles  
* Allow the user 

## Credits

Mapbox API used for map loadd and geocoding.
